Adds Docs for Production Path Filtering, Improves Scan Summary (#1071)
fossas/fossa-cli: docs/references/subcommands/analyze.md

| `--experimental-skip-vsi-graph 'custom+1/some$locator'` | Skip resolving the dependencies of the given project that was previously linked via `--experimental-link-project-binary`.                                           |
| `--experimental-enable-monorepo 'monorepo-type'`        | Scan the project in monorepo mode. For more information, see the [monorepo overview](../experimental/monorepo/README.md).                                           |
| `--experimental-analyze-dynamic-deps './some-binary`    | Analyze the binary at the provided path for dynamically linked dependencies. For more information, see [dynamic link detection](../experimental/dynlink/README.md)  |

### F.A.Q.

> 1. Why is `fossa-cli` is skipping my project?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Why is the `fossa-cli` skipping my project?
```

> `fossa-cli` may sometime report a project of interest was skipped from the analysis. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fossa-cli` may sometimes report a project of interest was skipped from the analysis. For example,
```

```text
[ INFO] Scan Summary
[ INFO] ------------
[ INFO] 3 projects scanned;  2 skipped,  1 succeeded,  0 failed,  1 analysis warning
[ INFO] 
[ INFO] * setuptools project in "sandbox/": succeeded with 1 warning
[ INFO] * setuptools project in "sandbox/example/": skipped (production path filtering)
[ INFO] * setuptools project in "sandbox/external/": skipped (exclusion filters)
```

`fossa-cli` skips analysis, if and only if 

> - (a) Target is excluded via fossa configuration file (this filtering is referred to as "exclusion filters")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (a) Target is excluded via fossa configuration file (this filtering is referred to as "exclusion filters").
```

You should add a link to the docs https://github.com/fossas/fossa-cli/blob/master/docs/references/files/fossa-yml.md#analysis-target-configuration.

> - (b) Target is skipped because its `fossa-cli` considers target to be not part of production (this filtering is referred to as "production path filtering")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (b) Target is skipped because the `fossa-cli` does not consider the target to be a production target (this filtering is referred to as "production path filtering").
```

Reviewer: The reasoning here of _why_ we skip the targets isn't very clear. If I'm the user I'd still ask "Well what determines that the target is part of production?". What you have here is MUCH better than what exists so I'm not going to block on taking time to improve it. 

One quick example would be illustrating why we skip `node_modules` and something like `Carthage`.
